## IPFS Project Operations Weekly Sync - July 29, 2019

*Note to readers: Please add/edit/update these notes to improve them! Commit directly to master if you have permissions, or submit a PR if you do not.*

**Moderator:** Momack2

**Notetaker:** Momack2

**Recording:**

**Attendees:**

-   _Attendee names‚Ä¶_
-   __Alanshaw__
-   __@autonome__
  

**Agenda**

General discussions, decisions, etc.

-   Q3 Project Operations Objectives:
    -   üöÄ IPFS Implementations are shipping quality releases on a schedule (Alan, Steven)
        -   js-ipfs 0.37 is in RC
        -   go-ipfs 0.4.22 is going to hit stage 3 (soft release) today unless one of our early testers objects.
            -   Aiming for this week - so want to finish up by EOW and do the release blog post as well
        -   How are we doing on testing (interop tests, partner testing, js-ipfs tests?)
            -   Interop tests are passing on the release, but broken on master
            -   Alan has revived benchmarks.ipfs.team.
            -   Alan is working on adding support for go-ipfs.
    -   ü§ù Collaborations are systematized and prioritized (Dietrich, Arkadiy)
        -   Opera call, yay moving forward
        -   Reviewed Collabs pipeline and user registry proposal with Molly
        -   Mozilla reached out about libdweb, might ship something this year üôè
        -   AI: Arkadiy to catch up with ENS this week
            -   Would like to update the ENS spec that says the multiaddr is used for content (which is a bug)_ spec appears to be fine_

    -   üì£ The IPFS Community is informed of relevant news in a timely manner (Molly, Dietrich)
        -   Will reach out to IPFS Camp attendees starting today for potential blog posts and Awesome IPFS updates. (Shokunin)
        -   All chats are being bridged! (slack, telegram, gitter, and more all being bridged to IRC etc)
        -   Dweb Camp reports from our team: https&#x3A;//github.com/protocol/event-management/issues/187
        -   Please review Q3 changes blog post -<https://github.com/protocol/pl-ipfs-team/issues/49>
        -   Dietrich is talking at the indieweb meetup on Aug 7 about dweb camp + our participation
    -   ‚öôÔ∏è Lower priority projects are clearly owned and maintained (Dietrich)
        -   Consensus and plan for maintership achieved! OKR updated to be more explicit.
        -   Are we doing proactive testing on the upcoming go-ipfs 0.4.22 RC?
    -   ü•º Research is projecting the present into the future (David)
        -   Protocol Labs Research is putting together a Networks/Information Centric Networks/P2P State of the Art Workshop.
            -   August dates (pre Web3) got cancelled.
            -   Jorge is looking to find new dates
        -   Meanwhile, there is a Remote Workshop happening this July 31st to satiate your appetite
            -   6pm-8pm (2 hours long) UTC -<https://protocol.zoom.us/j/401098033>
            -   Check the IPFS Community Calendar for access to the event
            -   https&#x3A;//github.com/protocol/research/issues/14
        -   NetworkLab description, goals and structure document is making progress. Interviewing Nicola tomorrow (Tuesday).
-   Reddit conversation
  - Let‚Äôs link to the code of conduct on copyright / NSFW / harassment violations:<https://github.com/ipfs/community/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md#copyright-violations>
