## Sept 9, 2019

* **Moderator:** @momack2
* **Notetaker:** @momack2
* **Recording:** 

**Attendees:**

*   _@autonome_
*   _@daviddias_
*   _@lidel_
*   _@stebalien_
*   _@parkan_
*

**Agenda**

General discussions, decisions, etc.

*   Q3 Project Operations Objectives:
    *   **üöÄ IPFS Implementations are shipping quality releases on a schedule (Alan, Steven)**
        *   js-ipfs shipped a new release process
        *   go-ipfs has tweaked its release process to match
            *   Now open a new issue immediately after release and give a timing estimate of when we expect to release/cut
        *   Benchmarks?
    *   **ü§ù Collaborations are systematized and prioritized (Dietrich, Arkadiy)**
        *   Opera plan - Android first  -- the ball is in our court to solidify documentation
        *   Transferring Berty‚Äôs gomobile-ipfs into main ipfs repo
            *   Good to ping back other endeavours of IPFS on mobile:
                *   [https://github.com/ipfs/notes/issues/68](https://github.com/ipfs/notes/issues/68)
                *   [https://discuss.ipfs.io/t/sweet-ipfs-full-ipfs-node-for-android/3779](https://discuss.ipfs.io/t/sweet-ipfs-full-ipfs-node-for-android/3779)
                *   [https://github.com/ligi/IPFSDroid](https://github.com/ligi/IPFSDroid)
        *   MSFT is using js-ipfs on the server - probably language familiarity
            *   Action: add these inputs in user registry - who should be early testers, who to inform pro-actively
    *   **üì£ The IPFS Community is informed of relevant news in a timely manner (Molly, Dietrich)**
        *   Wikipedia experienced a malicious attack on Friday/Saturday - what do we need to do to share this out more broadly / feel good about pointing people to this?
            *   Like if we can make a commitment to update this regularly (less so if stays out of date)
            *   [https://github.com/ipfs/distributed-wikipedia-mirror](https://github.com/ipfs/distributed-wikipedia-mirror) 
        *   Comms runbook meeting - pushed from last week, D will schedule this week
    *   **‚öôÔ∏è Lower priority projects are clearly owned and maintained (Dietrich)**
        *   Desktop 0.9.0 Launched! [https://twitter.com/hacdias/status/1169917419927801856](https://twitter.com/hacdias/status/1169917419927801856) 
        *   Testmatrix still needs more work - having this more filled in by EOY is a good goal
    *   **ü•º Research is projecting the present into the future (David)**
        *   Welcome back David!!!
            *   Thank you!!! :D
        *   Kicked off the formalization of the Networks/ResNetLab [https://github.com/protocol/ResNetLab/pull/1/files](https://github.com/protocol/ResNetLab/pull/1/files)
        *   Catching up on all Research Things. Yiannis shipped a great collection of Open Problems/Protocol Design topics [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VVOVf-qDLlJv2FxlJFJv5_J0rqlxUMlrz_noY9hn_F0/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VVOVf-qDLlJv2FxlJFJv5_J0rqlxUMlrz_noY9hn_F0/edit)
    *   Other Questions
        *   New collab incoming through integration-mini-projects, please advise where to route it 
