## IPFS Project Operations Weekly Sync, July 8, 2019

**Links or notes to review before the meeting**

* **Moderator:** Molly
* **Notetaker:** @mhz + @autonome
* **Recording:** <https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/17nxdhQPJ_9CNdxKdlMUaINkceuFenjVL>
* **Attendees:**

-   __@andrew__
-   __@autonome__
-   __@lidel__
-   __@alanshaw__
-   __@mhz__
-   __@terichadbourne__
-   __@jessicaschilling__

**Moderator checklist**

-   Ensure that there is a notetaker
-   Start recording
-   Call for additional agenda items

**Agenda**

General discussions, decisions, etc.

-   Project Operations task force intro (what we do)
    -   Community
    -   Communication
    -   Core Implementations
    -   Research
    -   Maintenance
-   Q3 draft OKRs
    -   <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V3wEzJpfgfMXipy_yCt0VNfquv_O0E1zsyTRHAjIfGw/edit#>
    -   Folks please iterate on your okrs for each area!
    -   Aim - to get okrs in the sheet and ready for review by EOWeek
-   Post-ipfs camp follow up
    -   Blog post
        -   David is happy with the draft -<https://github.com/ipfs/blog/pull/262>
        -   Ask: Molly to review - let’s merge asap
    -   Collecting community posts (already happening!)
        -   PR to the readme in the ipfs camp repo for media / blog posts
        -   Also can use issues to coordinate follow up posts
        -   Could use a better media page for the ipfs website that better highlights all the content coming from the community
            -   Latest vs getting started
            -   Not just the ipfs.io blog
-   Release process
    -   <https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/pull/6482>
    -   Need to figure out style of release process
    -   Want to understand the eta on this - also needs lots of testing, the release process won’t fix that alone

Notes

-   Project Operations task force intro (what we do)
    -   Community, Communication
        -   Blog posts, interfacing with collaborators, respond effectively to anything that comes up about IPFS on the internet
    -   Core Implementations
        -   Strategy/communications/coordination
        -   Separate core impls meeting weekly for tactical
        -   Maintenance on things not actively working on (desktop, investment on hiatus)
        -   Implementers can reach out for project-level needs
    -   Collabs
    -   Planning for the future from a research perspective -- thinking proactively about where we should go
-   This meeting is for open, community-oriented, coordination across the task forces -- inviting people to this call is great! We should always check in on
    -   Is there any communication in the community that we need to be escalating, or keep an eye on, who will be the DRI? Is there something we should be communicating out about something?
    -   Checking in on release process -- Steven and Raul have been chatting back and forth on that. See<https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/pull/6482> for the convo.
    -   When there are updates from a research or maintenance perspective, those should be shared here.
    -   AI: update template for this agenda to have the checklist that we want to make sure to cover every week, and not get distracted
-   The every-other Tuesday cross-project coordination meeting (PL-focused? internal?)
