## IPFS All Hands Call October 28th, 2019



*   **Moderator:** Molly
*   **Notetaker:** Inline in notes
*   **Attendees:**
    *   _attendee names…_
    *   _@jaycarpenter_
    *   _@terichadbourne_
    *   _@stebalien_
    *   _@dirkmc_
    *   _@autonome_
    *   _@jessicaschilling_

**Moderator checklist**



*   Ensure that there is a notetaker
*   Start recording
*   Ask attendees to add their names to meeting notes
*   Call for additional agenda items

**Agenda**

_General discussions, decisions, etc._



*   (Molly, 2 min) IPFS Weekly Update
    *   New IPFS bootstrap nodes in the works! Performance improvement to cluster also about to land to support pinning large files
    *   [Testground](https://github.com/ipfs/testground) - our network simulation tool that will allow us to effectively test future releases of IPFS, has the first two end-to-end testplan landing shortly! Lots of work happening here
    *   2020 Planning launched (see below)
    *   New IPFS Docs beta site is WIP and you can make comments/suggestions
        *   Docs beta repo is [here](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs-docs-v2)!
        *   Keep an eye out for the playground beta site; we’re migrating content with an aim to having it moved in the next week or so
        *   Want to be more involved in beta testing the docs site?[ Let us know](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1LVaD1B2uyW6Ff0jfU_iQ5mCeyQcHfyQO6BDD99XAgK0/)
    *   Package manager work related to add performance is showing improvement (still investigating)
    *   Research - routing and privacy-preserving network open problems merged last week! 
        *   What we know, what has been done, what we want to achieve -- if you are interested in these topics share your knowledge / ideas, and add more questions!
        *   **_<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Ask: </span>_**Looking for feedback/contribution (ways you can contribute: proofread, add pointers to relevant work and/or conversations and/or anything else you find useful to add to the Open Problem description).
            *   [https://github.com/ipfs/research/pulls](https://github.com/ipfs/research/pulls)
            *   [https://github.com/libp2p/research/pulls](https://github.com/libp2p/research/pulls)
        *   Shipped (you can still give feedback through a PR directly or by opening an issue)
            *   [https://github.com/ipfs/research/blob/master/OPEN_PROBLEMS/PRESERVE_USER_PRIVACY.md](https://github.com/ipfs/research/blob/master/OPEN_PROBLEMS/PRESERVE_USER_PRIVACY.md)
            *   [https://github.com/libp2p/research/blob/master/OPEN_PROBLEMS/ROUTING_AT_SCALE.md](https://github.com/libp2p/research/blob/master/OPEN_PROBLEMS/ROUTING_AT_SCALE.md) 
    *   Launching the next protoschool tutorial next week - the “non-MFS” files API!
        *   Would love proofing help mid-week!
*   (Molly, 5 min) 2020 IPFS Project Planning: [https://github.com/ipfs/roadmap/blob/master/2020-IPFS-Project-Planning.md](https://github.com/ipfs/roadmap/blob/master/2020-IPFS-Project-Planning.md)
    *   Standards submissions - registering MIME types in IPLD
    *   IPFS+Web - also interested around standards body interactions
        *   Would love to have a periodic standards related discussion

**Demos**

_Show your work!_

**Q&A, Help Wanted**

_Ask questions, get answers. Announce issues that need help, get people to help._
