## IPFS Project Operations Weekly Sync - July 15, 2019

*Note to readers: Please add/edit/update these notes to improve them! Commit directly to master if you have permissions, or submit a PR if you do not.*

**Moderator:** Molly

**Notetaker:** @mhz + @autonome

**Recording:** <https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/17nxdhQPJ_9CNdxKdlMUaINkceuFenjVL>

**Attendees:**

-   __@andrew__
-   __@autonome__
-   __@lidel__
-   __@alanshaw__
-   __@mhz__
-   __@terichadbourne__
-   __@jessicaschilling__
-   __@dirkmc__
-   __@stebalien__
-   __@mburns__

**Moderator checklist**

-   Ensure that there is a notetaker
-   Start recording
-   Call for additional agenda items
 
**Agenda**

General discussions, decisions, etc.

-   Q3 Project Operations Objectives:
    -   ****üöÄ IPFS Implementations are shipping quality releases on a schedule (Alan, Steven)****
        -   Steb, Molly, and Juan had a review of testing needed to validate minor releases of IPFS
        -   Steb, Molly, David, and Alan reviewed IPFS release plans
            -   [Release plan](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/blob/master/docs/releases.md) has been merged. Need to coordinate with early testers to make sure they‚Äôre onboard. They‚Äôre going to test with a patch release with no new features.
    -   ****ü§ù Collaborations are systematized and prioritized (Dietrich, Arkadiy)****
        -   On-site at SF Lab Space last week, drafting systemization plan! ETA next week (after Dweb Camp)
            -   Revitalize the user registry to track the relationships we have with folks using IPFS -- not full-blown CRM, something lighter. Who is using iPFS, and do we have a way to communicate with them if need be?
        -   Staff at Mitchell Park Library put together a display on IPFS! It‚Äôs pretty great.
            -   Request from MHz: it would be super awesome to talk to the peeps that put that together! How great.
        -   Dweb camp on Thu/Fri - we have an InterPlanetary space and some fun talks!
    -   ****üì£ The IPFS Community is informed of relevant news in a timely manner (Molly, Dietrich)****
        -   [We launched our IPFS Camp post! =\]](https://blog.ipfs.io/2019-07-08-ipfs-camp-recap/)
        -   (added agenda item for determining other posts we want to ship)
    -   ****‚öôÔ∏è Lower priority projects are clearly owned and maintained (Dietrich)****
        -   Talked at WB&GUI meeting, dependency on release process
            -   No fires. Next: what will delivery and metrics look like for something that we want to move forward, but not at the speed of the most important things.
            -   If you have ideas about what success looks like there, let us know. Biggest risk: work in area A results in regression in area B.
        -   Next steps: sub-tasks, metrics and owners
    -   ****ü•º Research is projecting the present into the future (David)****
        -   üôåüèΩ to Yiannis & Jorge for completing and submitting the[Tutorial Application for ACM ICN](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j2kyIFLFQp1MI_Ao-j-m-HAmkjBKw7DPAS1RJfRUZQs/edit). It seems to be have been accepted already, from the email we got back, still waiting on final confirmation.
        -   Proposal for a Specification Maintainer Protocol with a Specs refresh --<https://github.com/ipfs/specs/pull/214>
        -   Jorge, Evan & David will meet this Wednesday to review the IPFS & libp2p Research Plans
-   Finalizing Q3 OKRs
    -   <https://github.com/ipfs/team-mgmt/pull/997>
-   What on the board at team week is not represented yet in OKRs?
    -   Team growth?
    -   Community support - onboarding, local activity, engaged w/ helping people (eg in forum, chat, SO/reddit?)
-   Where do we want to track this group‚Äôs work?
    -   ipfs/project
-   What other blog posts do we want to ship this quarter?
    -   Something on offline implications/capabilities of IPFS after discussions at Offline Camp (Aug 2-5)?
    -   Q3 priorities?
    -   More camp posts?
        -   Have area DRIs communicate about their area
    -   Network spike?
    -   Dweb Camp
    -   Web3
