## IPFS Project Operations - Sept 2, 2019

*Note to readers: Please add/edit/update these notes to improve them! Commit directly to master if you have permissions, or submit a PR if you do not.*

* **Moderator:** @momack2
* **Notetaker:** @momack2
* **Recording:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDIMEdPySnA

**Attendees:**

*   _Attendee names‚Ä¶_
*   _@alanshaw_
*   _@hugomrdias_
*   _@stebalien_
*   _@autonome_

**Agenda**

General discussions, decisions, etc.

*   Q3 Project Operations Objectives:
    *   **üöÄ IPFS Implementations are shipping quality releases on a schedule (Alan, Steven)**
        *   ‚ÄúGo and js implementations have systematized operation policies (eg issue triage, response time, etc), and a github bot to automate reminders‚Äù -- what‚Äôs the status on this?
            *   go-ipfs auto-assigns reviewers
            *   Alan isn‚Äôt going to have time - any new takers?
            *   AI: Molly - Let‚Äôs do a kickoff brainstorm to cohere a plan before Alan heads off
        *   Status on getting lead maintainers for go-ipfs repos / modules?
            *   Nothing official yet.
            *   Dirk is going to get bitswap :p.
            *   AI: Steven - Should structure this and put it on a future core implementations call
        *   There is an updated JS IPFS release process PR
            *   [https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/pull/2408](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/pull/2408)
        *   Handover planning for next js-ipfs release is in progress (Alan is unavailable for 1 month from ~next week)
            *   [https://github.com/ipfs/js-core/issues/4](https://github.com/ipfs/js-core/issues/4) 
    *   **ü§ù Collaborations are systematized and prioritized (Dietrich, Arkadiy)**
        *   Launching a public portal for IPFS Dev Grants
            *   [https://github.com/libp2p/devgrants](https://github.com/libp2p/devgrants)
                *   Talk to Raul for what worked and didn‚Äôt work for good bounties
            *   [https://github.com/filecoin-project/devgrants](https://github.com/filecoin-project/devgrants)
            *   Populate backlog?
        *   Brave - is ipfs support in nightly or dev or beta now?
            *   Verify this got shipped in release?!?! Exciting!
            *   Scheduling an onsite
            *   Plan is to spin up a blog post and start actively messaging & measuring uptake
        *   Comms plan for ENS collab?
    *   **üì£ The IPFS Community is informed of relevant news in a timely manner (Molly, Dietrich)**
        *   Runbook - should we get a brainstorm on the calendar?
            *   Who would be good attendees?
            *   AI: Dietrich - schedule a meeting to chat!
        *   Pubsub in the browser (via ipfs-http-client) shipped! A blog happened: [https://blog.ipfs.io/2019-08-29-pubsub-in-the-browser/](https://blog.ipfs.io/2019-08-29-pubsub-in-the-browser/) 
            *   Is there any way to measure adoption? - any uptick in http-client usage
    *   **‚öôÔ∏è Lower priority projects are clearly owned and maintained (Dietrich)**
        *   Hac has started on unit tests for Desktop
    *   **ü•º Research is projecting the present into the future (David)**
        *   David comes back next week!
