# ðŸ“¦ Package Managers Weekly Sync

## Sept 17, 2019

- **Lead:** @mhz
- **Notetaker:** @momack2
- **Attendees:**
  - @dirkmc
  - @achingbrain
  - @alanshaw
- **Recording:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faYPaXlaBWg

## Agenda

- Ask everyone to put their name into the list of attendees
- Round of updates
  - What have you accomplished since the last Weekly?
  - Were there any blockers? If so, which ones? Is it still blocked? Why?
  - What is the next important thing you should focus on?
- Ask for general questions. Could be things like:
  - I'm stuck with something, I don't know who to ask. Who knows who to ask?
  - Who can help me with xyz?
- Plan this week
  - Select issues to work on
- Review remaining issues if there is time left

## Updates

@name
- Done:
- Blocked:
- Next:

@dirkmc
- Done:
  - Gave [Bitswap presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mbFFGIIKNvboHyLn-k26egOSWkt9nXjlNbxpmCEQfqQ/edit?usp=sharing) at IPFS weekly meeting
- Next:
  - Continuing to improve [Bitswap PoC](https://github.com/ipfs/go-bitswap/pull/189)

@mhz
- OKRs

@djdv
- have IPNS reading working

@adin
- IPFS prep for ACM ICN conference

### Notes

-
